Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. Well,
Lonnie, Lonnie's been working the last
two days listing all those beer taps we
picked up last Friday. Yep.
>> And you got it done. So, let's take a
look at the totals. Um he he listed 31
total beer taps. What was your total?
1,113.
>> Yeah. Uh $1,113
was the the total of all the listings.
What I wonder what that averages out to
per Let's see.
>> It's about 30 probably about probably
about $33 or something like that.
>> Somewhere in there.
>> $36.
>> Okay.
>> That's not bad.
>> No, no, not bad at all.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, Grant, that's provided we get
it, of course. You never know.
>> Right. Right.
>> Because we did have a few that were uh
that really pumped that number up, but
then we had some that were in like the
$20 range, too. Yeah.
>> So,
>> Yeah. So, uh, yeah, pretty happy with
that with that buy, I guess. I mean, we
>> we got, um, the sign, we got everything
listed from that buy. Oh, except for the
books.
>> Yes. And we we do have someone that may
be buying them all, right?
>> So, that'll be Well, that'll happen
today if it does, you know. So, yeah, I
did decide to keep this one, by the way.
>> Oh, you are? I was going to ask you
that.
>> Yeah. I just love it.
>> Okay, good.
>> And it's in kind of rough shape, too. I
mean, it's still, I think, a valuable
sign. Like I said, I've seen solds for
120, I think.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. But I like it. So, if it were
mint, I would sell it, but I'mma keep
it.
>> Okay. Well, we do have orders going out.
Today is a packing day.
>> Yeah.
>> U So, you ready to get to it?
>> Yeah. We have three platforms we sold
on. Uh Mccuri's usually like if we're
going to sell on another one, that's it.
Not today.
>> We don't have any Mccari today.
>> No, no Mccari. So, let's get started out
with eBay. And first thing we're pulling
on eBay is a bear tap. And actually,
Lonnie had to go get them because he he
worked in the office at the house
listing those. And we haven't even put
them in a location yet.
>> No, we don't. We don't have one yet. I
have them all in the same box. I have
them all labeled like this, though.
>> Mhm.
>> With like a custom skew. And I even
wrote the name of the beer on it.
>> Yep. So, that's a Shiner B. Uh like a
Lucite one. Yeah. And it sold for $25.
There we go.
>> We sold a lot of 16 air combat
magazines. 12 alpha.
>> These are from 1977 to 1980. Some
vintage magazines.
>> What is the um
>> I don't I don't have anything.
>> Well, how many how many issues is it?
>> 16.
>> I bet it's right here.
>> Air combat magazine 778.
>> CM16. All right. I'll be right back,
y'all. Got to get that out of there. All
right. Unearthed it finally. I forgot
about that grill press. Maybe I'll just
keep it.
>> Well, you might We might not have a
choice.
>> Been listed a long time.
>> We may not have a choice.
>> Yep.
>> There's your uh
>> Okay.
>> Yep. So, uh those sold for $39.
>> We sold some Lucasy boot socks. 14 Fox
Trot. These are labeled Luke B
>> all the way down. They're labeled what?
>> Luke B.
>> Bravo.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> $39.99.
Those were kind of I had to price them
all over the place cuz I didn't have I
don't know what happened. they they
weren't matched correctly and so maybe
some sold at the sale that went with,
you know, they they just weren't matched
correctly. Some of the colors were off.
So, usually those things sell for about
60 bucks. So, I had to go lower on my
prices.
>> All right. Someone bought a bunch of the
Urban Decay eyeliner.
>> A bunch. Huh.
>> You grab that bucket.
>> Was that about like five, six pieces or
something?
>> Two, three, four, five, six. Yes. for
$79.94.
Okay,
>> this is good order.
All right, what we got?
>> Double
>> say double.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Rockstar.
>> Mushroom.
Okay.
>> Corrupt.
>> Okay.
>> Zero.
>> What' you say?
>> Okay.
>> Market.
>> Dang. Is that it?
>> That's it.
>> Wow. It's all you got left. Sag.
>> No. I'm very happy.
>> That's been a good buy there, man.
>> I'm glad they're selling so I didn't
have to keep them all.
Okay. on three alpha your your little
Pinewood Derby lot sold.
>> Yeah, there was a note with that order.
>> Yeah. So, um they said they're buying
them to kind of donate to the local
troop for the kids that can't afford to
get a car. It'll help some kids out that
need a car.
>> It's probably more more about the kids
that don't have anybody to help them
build a car.
>> Right. Exactly.
>> So, that's pretty cool.
>> What What was the Oh, five pieces,
right?
>> Yes. Five cars.
>> Okay. So, it's 5BS on the box. That's
what that
>> 5Bs. Huh.
>> Okay.
>> And that sold for $26.99.
We have some more makeup going out.
Pocket 37. This is some blush.
Powdered blush.
>> Let's see. 37.
This was a little surprise for me. This
was $35 for that. Yeah, that's a blush.
>> Why?
>> It might be one of those things where
it's discontinued, you know.
>> To Bravo, a ski vest. Someone's going
skiing apparently.
>> Ski dattle down vest. Vintage from the
70s or 80s.
Got one that says gumbo. That's probably
not it.
>> Nope.
>> I got one that says Ski Daddle.
>> Yeah. Ski daddle. That That's like the
little dolls. Is that what they're
called?
>> Uh little kiddles.
>> Yeah.
>> They have a Don't they have like a
Skadd?
>> Scadler.
>> Yeah. Scadaddler carton.
>> Yeah.
>> They're little um like a little what you
call it?
>> Scooter.
>> Like a little scooter. Yeah.
>> Are you You going to ask me You're
asking me more words than I asked. Don't
ever play what's that game? Uh where you
have
>> what's that game? Like don't ever play
what's that game?
>> You know where you have to like guess
what they're doing?
>> Uh charades.
>> I'm horrible at that.
>> Oh, I didn't see this sale. Six Bravo.
We sold a BBOP deluxe.
>> Yeah.
>> Live in the air.
>> That might be the last one, huh?
We did We did really well on these
things.
>> $124.99.
And last eBay item, some Lucky Brand
boots. 10 Delta.
>> Okay.
>> They're like ankle moto style with some
buckles. Black. 10 Delta.
>> They're like an ankle moto.
>> Hello. Moto.
>> I know. What is a moto style?
>> I don't know what it is. I don't I
wouldn't know how to describe it.
>> $35.99 for that.
On Poshmark, we sold some in the razor
drawer some multi-correction revive by
ROC.
That right there.
And then another pair of Lucasy boot
socks. 14 Fox Trot Luke a
$40 for the Lucasy boot socks and $20
for that serum.
Okay.
>> And on Etsy, we have a big old Barbie
going out. It's up there in that pink
box.
>> Oh, it's a Barbie.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. I didn't.
>> It's a Bob Mackey Barbie.
>> Okay.
>> Which I I don't think I have Barbie in
the title. I think it's a Barbie.
>> Step still. All right.
>> It's not a Barbie, y'all. I'm mistaken.
It's a porcelain doll. Bob Mackey. I'm
not sure which company made it.
It's a big old sucker.
>> Oh, here you go.
>> All right.
>> Yep. And that sold for $100.
>> Okay. Not a difficult pack or anything.
>> No, I think I pretty much have it ready
to go. Do we want to depend on me or we
want to cut it open
>> on this?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, no. I'm not cutting that open.
>> No, indeed. I I'm pretty sure I like
bubbled her in there good. And if I
wrapped it like that. Yeah.
>> Okay, we're gonna go ahead and get to
packing.
>> All right. Do y'all remember this
jewelry box I picked up last weekend for
$5? And it was $5 for it and all the
contents. And what caught my eye was all
these watches in here. However, with
past experience, I found that in a
situation like this, a lot of times
there's gold in there. So, let's see
what we found. I emptied out all these
drawers, or most of it. There's just
some broken pieces in there. You can
see. And I went through all the jewelry.
Here's a lot of earrings and one brooch.
Not much value here. It's just some
cheap 80s9s style jewelry, which I'm
going to pick out the nicer pieces and
make a lot. But I found some gold. Let's
take a look. Yes.
>> The first thing the thing I knew I just
knew it was going to be gold is this.
It's a clown um pendant in the color.
>> Yep. And I did get out my jeweler's loop
and it is marked 14 karat gold. It also
has a makaker mark. It's a heart with an
O R in the middle which I think is Aura
America. All one word. And our clown
weighs 1.76 g. So we put it in the scrap
calculator over here. And check out the
value.
100 1.76 gram 14 karat. This is the
total scrap value. 1504. I think I'm
going to list it for $200.
>> Some the only other one. Um well, we we
haven't looked a lot. We haven't like
really researched it yet. I saw we saw
we found one other one so far
>> and active.
>> There might be more because I didn't
know exactly what the search terms were
supposed to be. Uh somebody has it this
same exact one, same color scheme, three
different colors of gold.
>> Uh they have it listed for 5.95.
>> Yep. So
>> which is way
>> Yeah. I think they're just shooting it
in the dark at that.
>> Right.
>> Okay. The next one that I found, this
one is marked also 14 karat. It's a
little flower shape with rubies and
maybe some diamond chips.
>> It I don't know how to It's not a ton of
gold in there. I don't Although it's got
some thick gold.
>> It's got It's pretty thick on the back.
>> Yeah. So, I don't even know how to value
this. It's 1.28 total. Although, you do
have some big stones in there. So,
>> no more than half of that weight could
possibly be gold, huh?
>> Yeah. So, I'm thinking maybe 100 to 150
on that piece.
>> Okay.
>> So, now we're up to we'll say $300.
>> And listings there. These earrings
caught my eye. They look they look gold
to me. And
>> the posts, if you've ever had like good
gold earrings or silver where the posts
are also the true metal, they're always
flimsy. And these are and they're very
they're hollow. They're They're s
they're made as light as they can be,
>> right? Neither Lonnie or I could find a
mark on either one of them. However, I
did a scratch test for 14 karat and it
passed. I didn't go any higher. I just
want to know, hey, are they gold?
>> So, here's the thing. They're not
marked, so I don't feel comfortable
selling them on eBay,
>> right?
>> I'm going to just bring them to our
local jeweler and see if they want to
buy them. Of course, they'll test them
or whatever and then just sell it to
them for whatever we can get, you know?
Yep.
>> So, I'm you know, we know we have
definite three like $300 here and then
I'm hoping another hundred or so for
these.
>> So,
>> that's awesome, huh?
>> The total weight on these is one and a
half gram.
>> So, that's another probably $130 there.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh I mean, we may end up taking like
even if we even if they beat us up and
we take Okay. 90 bucks or whatever it
is.
>> Yeah.
>> Still going to be good. And don't
forget, we still haven't gotten into all
these watches in here.
>> Well, there is a really nice Seikko in
there, in my opinion. I don't think
those are like
>> This right here is really a cool watch.
>> That's the Seiko.
>> Yeah, it's got a It's got like a diamond
cut crystal. It really makes it
>> has that smoky look to it as well.
>> And the face has like a ombre, a brushed
metal ombre that's really cool looking.
Um, it's in pretty good condition.
>> Yes. I can't believe this was that B
that jewelry box is there.
>> I know. for five bucks.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> That is insane.
>> So, I'm interested. Look, this has Japan
movement in it. So, yeah. Um,
>> that's where Seikko's made.
>> Yeah. So, I'm interested to see what we
end up doing with these watches. So,
>> you going to get that gold listed?
>> I am. I'm about to list these two
pieces. And let's see. Tomorrow
afternoon, I do pick Molly up from band
practice near the high school. If the
jewelry jewelry store is still open,
I'll stop in there because it's right
near the high school. Okay.
>> Yeah. Stop in there and see what they
have to say. Okay. Okay. Hm. Yeah. I
don't know. I don't know if they're
going to be like, "Oh, we'll give you
half a scrap or something." If they do
that if they verify that it's 14K and
then they offer us like a really bad
price.
>> Yeah.
>> Probably won't take it. But like, how
bad does it have to be before you're
like,
>> "Right, cuz how else are we going to
move them?" Here's the thing. Like I
told him, not being marked, I'm really
not comfortable selling them on eBay. I
feel like that would open us up for a
scam.
>> It totally would. Yeah.
>> Until this wasn't gold.
>> Yeah. This not even marked anywhere.
Yeah. So, we're kind of um kind of
stuck. We're kind of We kind of have to
sell them to a
>> dealer. We'll probably as long as it's
not completely insulting, we'll probably
just take It's not a lot of gold.
>> No. Like I say, one and a half grams
total between the two. So, yeah.
>> That's still exciting, though. It is. I
still can't I never I still can't
believe when you find precious metals
like this at garage sales.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Well, Candace, you know what?
>> Chicken butt.
>> I think we've cornered the market.
>> I'm such I can't ever catch anything.
>> Let me see if I can.
>> Oh, I mean that
>> this thing is not I'll be honest. Like I
should not be saying this since we have
the largest collection of Lion oil or
Lion petroleum.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh giveaway planes. Yeah, the noses. I
did not include that in the count, by
the way.
But look y'all, I just counted these up
and we bought these. Y'all been
watching, y'all know we bought these
what, a couple months ago maybe?
>> Yeah, about a month and a half, two
months ago. Yeah.
>> At a garage sale for 20 bucks for all of
them. Either 20. Oh, it might have been
25, huh? 20 or 20. I got to go back and
look at the short.
>> But um
>> yeah, so now it's time to actually go
ahead and list these things today. And I
put them out here in lots of stacks of
and there 17. So we end up having 173
plus that one which we're not going to
sell. So
I was trying to picture if we if I
thought we could sell the like 10 of
these 17 times for like $15$20 and I do
not see it.
>> I don't think so. This lion this lion
motor oil is not it's not a hot
commodity.
>> No. So I think I think we're going to go
ahead and I'm going to list them all.
173 planes. 173 planes for $100
>> and be done with it. One and done.
>> We'll see.
>> Yeah.
>> Maybe somebody will be looking for a fun
giveaway or something. Who knows?
>> Or sell them for uh two $2 each in their
flea market booth.
>> Well, whatever. Whatever. Whatever they
want to do. But I know I know we don't
want to try. We want to find one buyer,
not 17.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> But yeah, that is going to be it for
this one. Thanks so much for watching.
We'll see y'all again very soon. Bye
y'all. Five.